feat: integrate with new `AssembleTx` GQL end-point (#3747)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/transactions/assemble-tx.md

The `assembleTx` method takes a transaction request and assembles it with the necessary inputs, outputs, and policies based on the provided parameters. It handles:

- Coin quantity for different assets
- Fee payer account
- Gas and fee estimation
- Predicate estimation
- Resource exclusion (specific resources to ignore)

## Parameters

The [AssembleTxParams](DOCS_API_URL/types/_fuel_ts_account.AssembleTxParams.html) interface includes the following parameters:

<<< @/../../../packages/account/src/providers/provider.ts#assemble-tx-params{ts:line-numbers}

### Parameter Details

- `request`: The transaction request to be assembled.
- `blockHorizon`: The number of blocks to look ahead for gas price estimation. Defaults to `10` blocks.
- `feePayerAccount`: The account that will pay for the transaction fees
- `accountCoinQuantities`: An array of coin quantities needed for the transaction. This is optional if the transaction only requires funds to cover the fee. The parameters are:
  - `amount`: The amount of coins needed (fee value does need to be included)
  - `assetId`: The asset ID of the coins
  - `account`: The account providing the coins (optional, defaults to `feePayerAccount`)

>   - `changeOutputAccount`: The account to receive change (optional, defaults to the account property)

Reviewer: I know this is a slight change, but I think it can help clarify things and allow us to remove the "Default Behaviors for Account Properties" section entirely — at this point, I think it's adding noise.

```suggestion
  - `changeOutputAccount`: The account to receive change (optional, defaults to the `account` or `feePayerAccount` properties, respectively)
```
